# hello-world

I was introduced to programming on a Bendix G15 computer while in college around 1960, using, I believe, machine language to move data from one location in memory to another via an accumulator where operations were made. I bought my first home computer in about 1978, an Apple II, and with the "Red Book" began getting the machine to respond with machine language. Programs were stored and retrieved using a cassette tape recorder. It was not long before I had two floppy disc drives and a dedicated monitor to replace the old tv I had been using. Apple released Basic and I was off to the races using the computer for some practical reasons: a word processor; a single instrument music player; various list storage programs. I independently rediscovered a "bubble-sort" routine which I used until I found someone had written one in machine language that was much faster. A CP/M card became available and that expanded my programming exposure to what became DOS when the developer sold it to Bill Gates, who promtly licensed it to IBM. Who sometime later became very rich. Pascal became available for my Apple II, which forced the programmer to think about the programming objective and end game before a line of code was written. It brought discipline to my progrmming. Oh, by the way, back to the Red Book. It had a index of items in the back that provided definitions and examples for the oftimes arcane computer terms. The entry for "iterate" was "See GoTo", and the entry for "GoTo" was "see Iterate." I've always appreciated that as a good joke. The Macintosh appeared in 1984 which effectively ended my programming for a few years as I explored the many programs written by others. after about a decade I becams intrigued withn the idea of programming the Mac. It required learning object-based programming, which seemed deceptively easy in concept, but was quite a transition for me. So, here I am once again looking at another way to wrestle functionality from my computer and expand the audience for my efforts. Swift, here I come!
